[KEP-2413] Add docs for SeccompDefault graduation (#39906)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp.md

type in the security context of a pod or container to `RuntimeDefault`.

{{< note >}}

> If you have the `SeccompDefault` [configuration](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the `seccompDefault` [configuration](/docs/reference/config-api/kubelet-config.v1beta1/)
```

Author: Thank you! Fixed as suggested :+1:
